add a comment to remind people that the desktop is required for the demos (#430)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Installation/Eloquent/Linux-Install-Debians.rst

Try some examples
-----------------

> If you installed the desktop variant above you can try some demos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you installed `ros-eloquent-desktop` above you can try some demos.
```

Reviewer 2: But double-up the back-ticks.

> If you installed the desktop variant above you can try some demos.

Reviewer 3: Do you mean the demos like [these](https://github.com/ros2/ros2_documentation/blob/master/source/Tutorials.rst#demos) or the examples immediately following? 

If we're talking about the examples here, then it should be:
```suggestion
If you installed the desktop variant above you can try some examples.
```

Because the demos are something else so it might cause confusion.
